#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
(Title and Abstract) Make sure that author list is anonymized.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Introduction or Problem statement: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
a.
 What is the topic or goal of your project? Why do you think it is interesting
 or worth pursuing? Why do you think it is not trivial? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
b.
 What would be the novelty or contribution of your project? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Method: Proposed approach or Methods to be developed 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
a.
 [For the Implementation track] Explain the method (the high-level idea
 and optionally the technical part) on your own words, and background as
 much as needed (assuming the reader would have understood the topics covered
 in this class).
 A blind copy-and-paste is not allowed.
 Discuss why and how good this method is.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
b.
 [For the Application track] Which machine learning method is going to be
 applied? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
c.
 [For the Open-Ended track] Explain the method or approach you are developing.
 It is fine to not have a complete description.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Related work
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
a.
 Discuss related works (at least 5 references).
 A comprehensive survey of related works (either methods or practical applicatio
ns) would be useful.
 It is important to elaborate on how they would be different from or related
 to your project.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
b.
 For example, projects in the Application track might discuss relevant works
 on the dataset, similar analysis.
 Projects in the Open-ended track should discuss relevant prior approaches
 and discuss how they are different from and related with your method.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
(Plan of) Experiments 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
a.
 How will you implement your work? List some software to be used or developed.
 What software or off-the-shelf tools can be used? What are you going to
 create on your own? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
b.
 Dataset to be used (real-world data or simulated).
 You can discuss the nature of the dataset.
 How can it be obtained publicly, or how you collect/generate the data?
 What are the statistics of the dataset? Why is it challenging, or why would
 it be useful/interesting to study? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
c.
 Evaluation.
 How they can be evaluated? What experimental settings, dataset, evaluation
 metrics will you use? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Plan of Project 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
a.
 Anticipated division of work over team.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
b.
 Why do you think it is accomplishable and feasible in a given timeframe?
 Discuss briefly.
 What challenges and difficulties would you expect? 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
